README.md, before:

ansible-development-kit
=========
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-green.svg?style=flat)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit)
[![Build Status](https://gitlab.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit/pipelines)

## How to use:

pip install cookiecutter

### Create a new role

- cookiecutter https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit

or

- molecule init template --url https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit

Enter for the role name question a value without the ansible-role- prefix, e.g. example.

Make changes in the corresponding files: copyright section in LICENSE, badge section in README.md
(you can get galaxy's role id by running: `ansible-galaxy info lean_delivery.example |grep '\bid'`), etc.

### Update an existing role

1. cd ansible-role-example
2. cookiecutter https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit --output-dir .. --overwrite-if-exists
3. git status
4. git add . -p

```
Useful commands:
- y - add this hunk to commit
- n - do not add this hunk to commit
- d - do not add this hunk or any of the later hunks in this file
- s - split the current hunk into smaller hunks
- e - manually edit the hunk
```

5. git commit -m "Updated by cookiecutter and ansible-development-kit"

In order not to provide the same answers for cookecutter's questions it makes sense to put in the role's directory a config file `.cookiecutter.yml` like this:

```yaml
---
default_context:
  role_name: example
```

To switch betweens Linux and Windows molecule tests add this variables to `.cookiecutter.yml`:
```yaml
---
default_context:
  role_name: example
  linux_tests: "true"
  windows_tests: "false"
```

and run cookiecutter the following way:

cookiecutter https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit --output-dir .. --overwrite-if-exists --config-file .cookiecutter.yml --no-input

Commit message:

EPMLDI-1804: add trigger for volume size customization

README.md, after:

ansible-development-kit
=========
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-green.svg?style=flat)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit)
[![Build Status](https://gitlab.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit/pipelines)

## How to use:

pip install cookiecutter

### Create a new role

- cookiecutter https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit

or

- molecule init template --url https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit

Enter for the role name question a value without the ansible-role- prefix, e.g. example.

Make changes in the corresponding files: copyright section in LICENSE, badge section in README.md
(you can get galaxy's role id by running: `ansible-galaxy info lean_delivery.example |grep '\bid'`), etc.

### Update an existing role

1. cd ansible-role-example
2. cookiecutter https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit --output-dir .. --overwrite-if-exists
3. git status
4. git add . -p

```
Useful commands:
- y - add this hunk to commit
- n - do not add this hunk to commit
- d - do not add this hunk or any of the later hunks in this file
- s - split the current hunk into smaller hunks
- e - manually edit the hunk
```

5. git commit -m "Updated by cookiecutter and ansible-development-kit"

In order not to provide the same answers for cookecutter's questions it makes sense to put in the role's directory a config file `.cookiecutter.yml` like this:

```yaml
---
default_context:
  role_name: example
```

To switch betweens Linux and Windows molecule tests add this variables to `.cookiecutter.yml`:
```yaml
---
default_context:
  role_name: example
  linux_tests: "true"
  windows_tests: "false"
```

To increase root volume size for Linux and Windows platforms in AWS add this variables to `.cookiecutter.yml`:
```yaml
---
default_context:
  role_name: example
  customize_vol_size_linux: "true"
  volume_size_linux: 10
  customize_vol_size_windows: "true"
  volume_size_windows: 32
```

and run cookiecutter the following way:

cookiecutter https://github.com/lean-delivery/ansible-development-kit --output-dir .. --overwrite-if-exists --config-file .cookiecutter.yml --no-input
